What strange place is this?
Huh?
[gasps]
Rika.
Oh, Hanyuu.
What's going on?
We are currently caught
within a fragment linked
to numerous worlds.
When I came to a second ago,
I had expected to see your face,
but for a moment
I was all alone.
Right now, only a faint trace
of me lingers on in this space.
A trace is enough for me.
I'm just glad you're
here by my side.
[gasps]
So, did I die?
Or did someone kill me?
Please forgive me,
but in this insubstantial form,
I'm afraid I'm not able
to answer that question.
[RIKA] Then can you
tell me this instead?
What is the destination
of this particular fragment?
You'll awake in 1983.
The month of June.
[RIKA gasps]
Why am I going back there?
Were one hundred years of
suffering not enough?
I really am sorry.
[RIKA]
Fine.
I'm different now.
I'm not a naïve little girl.
I'll be able to do more this
time than toss the dice
again and again
and hope for the best.
I've grown to
understand the world.
The rules of Hinamizawa.
And I know who kills
Rika Furude, as well.
Rika.
We've earned our future,
and I will not fail to win it
back for us once again.
[KEIICHI] Armed with
hatchets and pickaxes,
the assailants brutally attacked
and murdered the victim,
before using an axe to
sever his head and limbs.
[gassp]
[KEIICHI screams]
[shrieks]
Oh! Oh gosh!
Did I startle you?
Were you startled?
[KEIICHI]
No. I'm fine.
[RENA]
Uh. Remember yesterday?
You said it would be
easier to get him out
if you had a saw or an axe.
So I brought out
something with me
from my house
today that might help!
[KEIICHI]
Ah. Perfect. My bad.
I guess I overreacted
a little bit there.
[RENA]
Jeez. I'm sorry for scaring you.
Sorry!
This will definitely be a big
help, but it's getting dark.
Let's call it for right now.
Yeah.
Don't worry, it'll be fine!
We can come back tomorrow!
[RENA]
Hm?
You're still willing to help me?
[KEIICHI]
Of course!
[gasps]
Thank you, Keiichi!
Just you wait, Kenta‐kun.
I'm gonna bring
you home with me!
[yawns]
No joke?
This actually counts
as a phys‐ed class?
[MION] How else could we do P.E.
for kids in every grade at once?
And it works.
All we really need
is a chance to get up
and move around
a little during the day.
Sorry for making you wait!
Well, Mion?
What have you
come up with for today?
It's a contest that will demand
both power and endurance.
In the world of sports,
there are no teams.
Only rivals!
[KEIICHI]
That's not true.
So, for today, we're going back
to the mother of all
outdoor free‐for‐alls.
That's right, kids.
Let's play tag!
[laughs]
Most amusing!
I'm not gonna let you win!
I'll give it my all!
Are you guys really
that excited to play tag?
[MION]
Club rule number three!
Partake in every game and
enjoy it without question!
What? It's a club thing now?
I'm all in, then!
Let's play tag.
You're goin' down!
Hee hee hee.
The twist is, this is zombie
tag, so once you're it,
you're it for
the rest of the game!
Why'd they give it a
scary name like zombie tag?
Scary!
Well, obviously,
you should be scared
of having your guts ripped out!
Stop being gross, Keiichi!
It'll be fine.
I'll get to you first and savor
you slowly, Rena! Ni‐pa!
Rika. She won't be "fine"
if you're eating her.
Stay alive until
the bell and you win.
Short straw is the first zombie!
[laughs]
I already have
a brilliant plan in mind.
Those zombies are never gonna
get their rotting hands on me!
Tough luck, kid.
Maybe next time you oughta
plan on getting a better draw.
Hey, Tomita, Okamura?
Have either one of you seen
Keiichi somewhere around here?
Uh, yeah, we did.
Right there.
[SATOKO]
Hmm?
No fair!
Who ever heard of a zombie
asking humans for help?
So we're doing information
warfare then, huh?
Could you deliver
a message for me?
Tell Satoko that her parents
are waiting for her at the gate.
Really? Okay!
[KEIICHI] Could you also
tell Mion that the teacher
is waiting for her
at the front gate too?
Yeah, sure. I'll tell her!
[chuckles]
I hate to do that to you, Mion,
but it buys me a little time.
Have you seen Maebara?
I was looking.
Someone told me his
dad's waiting out front.
Hey, have you guys seen Maebara?
His mom just got
rushed to the hospital!
Hey, you guys, I heard the
police are after Maebara!
Class rep Mion told me to tell
him to go to the front gate
'cause his house
was about to burn down.
[KEIICHI] Of course,
you're behind this, Mion!
[RENA]
Ah! It's you, Rika!
Are you still alive?
I've managed to
pull through so far.
[RENA] Satoko and Mion
were chasing after me!
Well, you're safe here with me!
[RENA sighs]
That's such a relief.
Hey, Rika?
Please stop that. Stop it.
Don't come any closer, please.
Please don't come closer.
It won't hurt, Rena.
You won't feel a thing.
What won't hurt?
When I'm eating you alive. Mi!
Ohh. Would you really?
You wouldn't, Rika!
[shrieks]
Please help me, Keiichi!
Taking the high ground, Kei?
Soon enough,
we'll finally learn what
Keiichi's innards taste like.
[gasps]
Oh oh!
Oh, Keiichi.
Give up and join us
among the living dead,
and your troubles
will all be over.
You're taking this whole
zombie thing way too far!
Stay away!
Now savor the final
moments of your life, Kei!
[KEIICHI]
No! Somebody, help me!
So Rena ended up being
the only survivor, huh?
[SATOKO] She wouldn't have
if you weren't so slow, Keiichi!
What could I do?
I know I can trust you
no matter what, Keiichi.
'Cause you would never do
anything to hurt me, would you?
You wouldn't, right?
Look. She had my hands tied.
I am only a man.
Either way, now time
for Keiichi's punishment!
[MION]
Game over!
And todays winners are:
Rena Ryugu and Mion Sonozaki!
Uh... Hold on.
Didn't you end up a zombie?
We call that a disguise.
No fair!
[KEIICHI]
Stop. Please, Rika!
You can't‐‐
[KEIICHI]
Mion, you friggin' lying jerk.
Huh?
[gasps]
Here, use this.
[KEIICHI]
Oh, perfect. Thank you.
[RENA]
Are you free today after school?
To help you out?
Yeah, of course.
Awoo! You're the best ever!
He's really gonna be mine!
Awoo! Awoo! Awoo! Awoo!
[RENA]
Cutey wutey Kenta‐kun!
[KEIICHI] Is it really okay to
carry that thing in the open?
Yeah, it's totally fine! Awoo!
Isn't it heavy? I don't mind‐‐
It's fine.
All right.
[KEIICHI]
Let's get started.
Today's the day!
[RENA]
Mm!
Hang on, Kenta‐kun.
Just hold out for a bit longer
and Keiichi will be
there to rescue you!
[pants]
Yeah. I'm all fired up!
The mission's over, Colonel!
We're bringing you home!
Huh?!
[gasps]
What's the matter?
Oh, everything's fine.
[roars]
All right!
Rena, can you help me
pull him out of here?
[RENA]
Mm!
[RENA, KEIICHI]
One, two, three!
Ahh! I got my very
own Kenta‐kun!
He's the kyutest ever!
[KEIICHI] Looking up close,
he's in pretty bad shape, huh?
Be careful or
he might lose an arm.
Rumor is, there's
still an arm missing.
But now that he's out,
how do we get him back to your‐‐
[cicadas crying]
Hey, Rena?
[RENA]
Oh, wow!
Sorry, I just noticed something
really cool over there.
[KEIICHI]
Hm?
[RENA]
We gotta move Kenta‐kun!
[KEIICHI]
Uh. Yeah, I agree.
[RENA]
I'll go grab something!
All right, we should
probably get a move on.
It's starting to get dark out.
Great. Let's go!
[SATOKO] So you got to
visit Rena's home, did you?
[laughs]
So what did you think?
[SATOKO]
There's nothing quite like it.
But it's just a house, right?
[KEIICHI]
Hmmm...
I guess so.
It's pretty normal,
if you don't count
the store mascot statues
all over the place.
And, you like cute things,
so it would make sense
you'd have all that stuff.
But I need an explanation
for the mailbox!
I just thought it was cute
how big and red it was!
Awoo...
I'm back, everyone.
Hey, Rika, what'd you do to
get on the principal's bad side?
Bite your tongue.
Don't slander Rika
by implying she's a criminal
in training like you.
Oh. It's because Rika needed
to help out with Watanagashi.
What's that again?
We've talked about it!
It's a local festival that's
coming up here soon.
Yeah, that does ring a bell.
[RIKA]
The people here show gratitude
to their worn‐out futons
by shredding up
their cotton stuffing
and sending it down the river.
[KEIICHI]
Hmmm...
Doesn't sound like
a good time to me.
Then you're in
for a big surprise!
Our main event.
It's the Four‐Demon
Battle Royale!
Well the name's
interesting at least.
Now that we have Keiichi,
we need to make it a Five‐Demon
Battle Royale, though.
[laughs]
This challenge will
be the perfect chance
for you to put everything
we've taught you into practice!
That's right!
We'll be making the rounds
through the festival stalls
and playing club games.
Is that so?
Now I'm getting
kind of excited too!
Huh? Keiichi!
How's everything been?
Hello there.
Oh! Heya, Tomitake.
Get any good shots today?
Sure. At least a few.
[chuckles]
You know him?
Well, we've met, sure.
Yeah, he shows up
pretty regularly
to take pictures of birds.
I'd say just about
everybody here
in Hinamizawa knows who he is.
So then.
You gonna be joining us
for Watanagashi?
Oh, yeah, I thought
it would be fun
to take in the festival
before I head back to Tokyo.
I hope you get your
own photo exhibit soon!
You're too kind.
But hey, maybe someday. Y'know?
Well, anyway,
I'll be seeing you
guys at the festival!
Pictures of birds, huh?
Is that really the only
reason he comes out here?
What do you mean?
Just a hunch,
but I feel like there might
be a lot more going on.
[MION]
Wow! Damn, this kid is sharp!
I knew it!
So what's the deal?
The birdwatching is a front.
He's in Hinamizawa looking
for a different kind of beauty.
An eligible young lady.
Huh?
[MION]
But he's kind of an awkward guy,
so I guess it's not
workin' out so good.
And, sometimes people
from the village
will ask him to
take pictures for them.
Wait, that's it?
I feel bad. I mean,
I was thinking something
way more sinister.
[MION]
Huh? Sinister how?
Not sure, it just feels
like he's hiding a lot.
Almost like a spy or something.
[laughs]
He gets all nervous
just talkin' to some kids!
How could he be a spy?
[laughs]
Yeah, you're right.
When you put it that way,
it does seem a bit ridiculous.
Does Hinamizawa really
have this many people?
Watanagashi is a big event.
And our goal is to hit up
every stall in the place.
I'll give it my all!
Me too! Let's do it!
Lovely.
Now we're all here.
Were you held up,
or does it simply amuse you to
make a young lady wait for you?
I would never.
Is this lady still here
or did she already take off?
I beg your pardon!
[gasps]
Awoo!
Look at Rika!
Oh my gosh, she's so kyute.
I wanna keep her! Awoo!
[RIKA]
A lovely evening to all of you,
and it's so nice to
see you here, Keiichi!
Hey, Rika!
That look is perfect for you!
[RIKA]
Mii!
Thank you very much!
By the way,
Rika has a major role
to play during the festival.
So that's why she's dressed up.
But my part doesn't
happen until the end.
We still have some time
to hang out before then.
Well, we don't want
to waste any more of it
standing around here!
[RENA]
I agree.
Right. It's time!
Let the Watanagashi
Five‐Demon Battle Royale...
[ALL]
...begin!
[RIKA] There's no way it
could taste good like that.
There's no way it could
taste good like that.
[shutter click]
Hey there, kids.
Looks like you're
having a good time.
[laughs]
Not that it isn't a
pleasure to see you here,
but I must point out
how rude it is
to be taking pictures of a lady
without asking her permission.
That's true, but he was
taking a picture of you.
What's your schedule?
Were you gonna get a few
pictures of Rika's performance?
That was the plan, actually.
But something
came up last second.
[MION] Somebody's
lady friend is in town!
Don't get too bold,
buddy; there are kids here!
[chuckles]
Come on, now.
But hey, next time
you're in Hinamizawa,
you should come out and
play a few games with the club!
Yeah, I'll take you up on
that someday, I promise.
Well, see ya later.
Wait.
Did you need something, Rika?
Aren't you sweet? Thanks, Rika.
I should also be on my way.
My part is starting soon.
[SATOKO] And we know you're
going to do it beautifully!
Well, I suppose we should be
heading that way as well.
All right, let's go
watch Rika do her thing!
Hey, guys, where's Rena?
Keiichi! Mion! Where are you?!
Please help me!
How'd she end up over there?
I don't know,
but it looks like you need
to go wrangle her in, buddy.
I'd help except I've got
this one to deal with.
And how exactly do
I need to be "dealt with"?
Ow, ow, ow, stop it! My arm!
Uh... Wow.
Please, Keiichi!
I don't know where you‐‐
Stick with me.
Ah! Right. Uh...
Now, let's go.
Rena, Keiichi!
We're over here!
Did you two share a nice moment?
Shut up.
What is that thing?
It's a ceremonial hoe.
Sorry I kept you waiting.
Hi, Jiro.
[RIKA] Next time,
Onidamashi‐hen, Part 3.